[theme tune intro playing]
[digital sputtering and beeping]
-[upbeat synthesizers come in]
-[whooshing]
♪ Here we are ♪
♪ Going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are, like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
[digital typing, beeping]
THE PRETENDER
[tense music]
[crackles]
[crow croaks]
[glitches]
[computer chirping]
Forget it Ulrich,
your saber may have some class,
but compared to my laser arrows,
your monster count is way behind mine.
Oh, yeah? I bet you forgot
that my saber saved you
from a quick game over last time.
You know what? I made up a little
statistics program
that I'm using to record your performances
on Lyoko over the last few weeks.
So tonight if you want, we can compare,
and see who's best. Okay?
That's great. I really love stats.
We'll finally have proof
of my superiority.
But in any event, I've got something
that you'll never have, good buddy,
and that's style.
Style, my friend,
doesn't impress a Megatank.
Hey, what's all this
about a Megatank, huh?
[Nicolas]
You talking about a video game?
Yeah.
"Teddy Bear Heaven."
Way too complicated for you.
[Herb] Very funny, Della Robbia.
Huh, Ulrich, have you got a minute?
Can I talk to you in private?
-I'm listening.
-Hmm… Well, you're… Hmm…
Yumi's best friend, aren't you?
Yeah, I guess you might say that.
Hmm… What I wanna say… hmm…
is that when I see Yumi,
I mean… I mean, well…
I'd like to… Do you remember
the episode of Hospital Horrors
that was on last week?
Huh? You'd like to give Yumi a transfusion
of a French poodle's blood?
No, no. No, I mean at the end,
what happens between Stacy and Dr. Shrank.
Listen, I don't remember
what happened at the end
and I don't know
what you're talking about.
And they've got pancakes for breakfast,
so hurry up, will you?
[theme music]
-[chuckles]
-[Odd] You look happy for a change.
What's going on? What did Johnny want?
Just to talk.
He's totally flipped out over Yumi.
That's adorable.
So what did you tell him?
You did let him down gently
without laughing at him.
You're kidding.
I wasn't gonna pass this up.
I told him to follow her, 24 hours a day,
every day, non-stop.
That wasn't very cool, Ulrich.
Yumi hates to be followed around.
She'll probably tell him to get lost.
So, what if she does?
You know Ulrich,
you can be a real jerk sometimes.
Hey, come on,
it's just a little bit of hazing.
I got hazed when I was in seventh grade.
Hazing, huh?
Sounds more like jealousy to me.
I don't believe it!
You flip out even when Kiwi looks at Yumi.
Hey, don't forget, Yumi and I are
just friends, and that's all.
[tense music]
-[crow croaks]
-Hmm?
[Johnny] Hi Yumi.
Hello.
Do you mind if I sit down
next to you for a second, Yumi?
-It's really nice to see you.
-[grunts]
That's great, but I happen to be reading.
You know, I love to read too.
I real all kinds of stuff,
books and magazines and comics.
-Do you like comics?
-[Yumi grunts]
[Johnny] I like mangas best.
What about you?
I'll bet you know some great ones.
-Can you recommend any to me?
-No!
See you. I'm going to lunch.
I'll go with you.
[groans]
I like the idea of self-service,
don't you, huh?
Oh, you're having salad? Great idea.
Vegetables are good for you.
Lots of vitamins.
I'm gonna have the…
Hey, wait for me!
I can't believe that you like
brussels sprouts too.
We have so much in common.
It's amazing!
[Odd] Hey,
don't forget that in Sector Five,
I took out at least three Flying Mantas
in a matter of seconds.
I don't trust your count.
You stink in math.
I prefer Jeremy's stats.
Where's your table?
I'd really like to sit with you.
-And I'd like to get some water!
-Hmm…
How's it going, Johnny?
I'm not sure, but I have the feeling
I'm getting on her nerves
by following her.
Oh, no. You know what girls are like.
Come on, don't let it get you down, buddy.
Now, when you guys get to the gym,
ask her for all kinds of advice.
Okay.
-[Jeremy grunts]
-[Aelita grunts]
[Odd grunts]
Great idea! Could I have some water?
[grunts]
[theme music]
[indistinct chatter]
[Jeremy] I think I got question two right.
I said that China stretched over the large
river valleys of eastern Asia,
like the Hoang-Ho,
the Yang-Tseu and the Si-Kiang.
What about you, Odd?
-How did you do on question three?
-Simple.
I said China was the most populated
country in the world,
with a billion people per square meter.
[all laugh]
You mean I got it wrong?
I guess I was right
not to trust your stats, huh?
[laughs]
[crow croaks]
[crows croak]
Hey guys, have you noticed
all those birds. It's kind of bizarre.
[crows croaking]
It reminds me of a film. A dumb flick
where the birds attack the heroes.
[Odd] It wasn't even scary.
[panting]
[grunts]
-[clapping]
-[Yumi gasps]
Fantastic!
[grunts]
Johnny, you wouldn't be planning
on following me all over, all the time?
Well, yeah.
[grunts]
[crow croaks]
-[screams]
-[electricity crackles]
I saw the sign!
It was in their eyes. It's XANA!
[croaking in a robotic way]
Hurry, they'll peck away at us
until there's nothing left!
-[crows croak]
-[all scream]
[yells and grunts]
I take it all back.
It wasn't a dumb film after all.
Head for the passage.
I'll try to lure them over to my side.
Come on little birdies, over here.
Odd, come on, we're here.
Give me a second to finish
my acupuncture session.
[groans]
[panting]
[crows croaking]
[Jeremy] Incredible!
I forget to check the Superscan
for a few hours, and bang, a XANA attack!
Don't worry. Everything will be just fine
once we get the tower deactivated.
[theme music]
[Yumi] Go on, your turn.
[Johnny gasps]
[sighs]
[grunting and panting]
[Johnny grunts]
-[screams]
-[grunts]
-[whimpers]
-[mobile rings]
-Odd? What?
-A big flock of birds?
-[crows croak]
-Oh, okay? I'll be right there.
-Yumi, wait up!
No, don't follow me!
[Yumi screams]
Johnny, get going! It's me they're after!
-[crows croaking]
-[Johnny grunts]
-[glass breaks]
-[Yumi grunts]
-[crows croaking]
-[Yumi panting and grunting]
[groans]
[crows croaking]
I don't believe it!
[gasps]
We've been through worse.
And besides, it's not every day
we have such a big audience.
[tense music]
[crows croaking]
[robotic croaks]
-[robotic growls]
-We'll delay them.
Head for the elevator. See you later.
Over here… we're waiting.
[both grunt]
-[both gasp]
-[Ulrich and Odd scream]
Ulrich, Odd, hurry up!
-[both grunt]
-[crows croaking]
Faster!
[Odd and Ulrich grunt]
[groans]
I took out five of them. How about you?
I don't know,
but if you're trying to cheat,
don't forget that birds aren't
part of the stats,
only monsters sent by XANA.
Yumi's all on her own. I hope she's okay.
[panting]
[crows croaking]
[mobile ringing]
-[mobile ringing]
-[Yumi grunting]
-[Yumi grunts]
-[mobile ringing]
-[Yumi pants and gasps]
There's no answer.
Don't panic.
I'll virtualize you in the vicinity
of the activated tower
-and then I'll call Yumi.
-[Aelita nods]
Too late.
[gasps]
[grunting]
[Yumi keeps grunting and screaming]
[Yumi grunting and screaming]
[theme music]
[computer blipping]
[Jeremy through computer] Transfer Ulrich.
Transfer Aelita.
Transfer Odd.
Scanner Ulrich.
[Jeremy through computer]
Scanner Aelita. Scanner Odd.
Virtualization.
[static zapping]
[all grunt]
[Jeremy through computer] The activated
tower is south-southwest, in a crater.
[Odd] Start up the stats program,
Einstein.
[grunts]
You're gonna cry when you see the results.
-[Aelita grunts]
-[Odd] I doubt it, buddy.
And besides,
I don't cry when I get bad grades, do I?
[Ulrich] If you did,
you'd have drowned in your tears ages ago.
[Jeremy] You can start earning points now.
XANA's sent you a big welcoming
party of crabs.
Let's go, Ulrich.
I'll leave you the claws.
[Ulrich] We'll see about that.
May the best man win,
and that's me. Banzai!
-Cheater.
-Huh?
Where are they? I don't see anything.
[lasers blasting]
-[both scream]
-[Ulrich gasps]
Is that what you mean by… style?
Go on then, see if you can do any better.
[engine revving]
[screams]
[grunts]
-[explosion]
-[grunts]
What is all this about
crows with red eyes?
But it's true, I swear.
They flew into the gym and attacked Yumi.
[Jim grunts]
Look at the windows.
[Jim groans]
There, you see?
[computer chirping]
Yumi!
[mobile rings]
Hello?
Mr. Delmas?
-Is that you?
-[through mobile] Yes, it's me.
[groans]
Do you know where Yumi is?
Yes, she's here in the tool shed,
and she's been hurt.
Mr. Delmas,
we have to get her to the hospital.
Listen Belpois,
I'm too busy to talk to you at this time.
I've got to call an ambulance.
So hang up, please.
Ulrich, Odd, Aelita, can you hear me?
Yumi's been hurt.
I have to launch a return to the past.
First, you've got to deactivate
the tower. Fast!
[Ulrich] Okay.
-[mechanical footsteps]
-[growls]
[gasps]
-[laser blasting]
-[Aelita grunts]
Leave him to me.
[tires screeching]
[engine revving]
[Ulrich grunts] Impact!
[grunts]
-[explosion]
-Bull's eye.
That's not fair.
-[laser blasting]
-[Ulrich grunts]
-[laughing]
-[crab growls]
-[lasers blasting]
-[Odd groans]
[Ulrich laughs]
[crabs roar]
-[digital whirring]
-[alarm beeping]
Ulrich and Odd,
would you mind concentrating?
Do I have to remind you
there's a tower to deactivate
if you want to save Yumi?
Laser arrow!
[explosion]
[Odd] That's one less monster.
Odd the great, the brave, the magnificent
has finally overcome his handicap
and has now caught up with his opponent.
-Temporarily of course, because Odd is--
-[laser blasting]
Oh no!
So long, Odd the Mega.
[screams]
That wasn't fair.
[laser blasting]
Careful Ulrich,
you're losing too many life points.
[grunting]
Hey, Aelita, you're cheating!
Yeah, I know but you guys
are just too clumsy!
Nice one, Aelita.
-[crows croak]
-[gasps]
[grunts]
[croaking]
[digital whirring]
[beeping]
Tower deactivated.
It's okay, Jeremy.
You can launch a return to the past now.
[gasps]
-Jeremy?
-[laser blasting]
[Ulrich] Jeremy? Do you read us, Jeremy?
[grunts]
[gasps]
[monitor beeping]
Can you make anything out of this attack
by birds with electric beaks, Jim?
No… Hmm… Never seen
anything like it, sir… uh…
except when I investigated
paranormal phenomena
for a highly special
secret service section.
-You did? I didn't know that.
-I did, but I'd rather not talk about it.
It's a classified defense secret.
Huh?
I don't believe this! Jeremy!
-[lasers blasting]
-[both grunting]
[Aelita screams and grunts]
-[gasps] Ulrich!
-[grunts]
Aelita!
-[lasers blasting]
-[Ulrich grunting]
[grunts]
[lasers blasting]
Oh no!
Ulrich, can you hear me?
Jeremy is out cold.
-The birds have attacked him.
-[Ulrich through computer] Oh, great!
XANA's captured Aelita.
I've got hornets on my tail
and my saber's gone. Do something!
I'd love to, but the supercomputer
programs aren't exactly my thing.
I can try to get your saber back.
[Manta screeches]
-No! [grunts]
-[laser blasting]
I don't believe it! Supersprint.
[ambulance sirens]
[gasps]
You, you're still here?
Sure I am. I wouldn't leave you, Yumi.
Where did you get this stupid idea
to follow me from?
From Ulrich.
He said it was the best way
to get your attention,
and so that's what I've been doing.
I should've guessed it was him.
He's not only jealous,
he's dumb.
Ulrich is jealous?
-But of what?
-Forget it.
[grunts]
[grunts and gasps]
-[grunts]
-[Aelita gasps]
I don't have my saber, but I can run.
[screams]
¡Olé!
Odd, we can't take the chance of Aelita
going into the way tower.
You've gotta try to launch
a return in time.
[Jeremy through computer]
I thought we were never to do that
when she's under XANA's control.
-[screams]
-¡Olé!
At least try to program me a saber.
I'm almost there. And here we… go!
[digital whirring]
Great, Odd.
Huh? Okay, I take that back.
[Odd through computer]
Hmm… Sorry.
[grunts]
-[Aelita grunts and gasps]
-[laser blasting]
-[grunts]
-[Manta screeches]
-[Aelita gasps]
-[Ulrich grunts]
[Manta screeches]
[both grunt]
Let me see,
how are we gonna get out of this one?
It's time for some strong arm tactics!
[computer chirping]
[theme music]
[monitor beeps]
[whimpers]
[gasps]
[Aelita gasps]
[Manta screeches]
Huh?
[grunts]
-[lasers blasting]
-[gasps]
Beginning to get on my nerves!
[grunts]
[Ulrich grunts]
Oh, you missed.
Missed again. Tough break.
[grunts]
-[grunts and screams]
-[Manta screeching]
[grunts]
[Odd groans]
Come on Jeremy,
this is the tenth slap!
Don't tell me you need a real smash!
Odd, are you crazy or what?
[chuckles]
[monitor beeping]
Yumi!
I'm gonna let you through, Aelita.
[grunts]
One, and two, but…
Oh, no!
[monitor beeping]
Hang in there, Yumi.
[digital whirring]
[alarm beeping]
Ulrich, I'm ready for action again.
Tell me what's going on.
[Jeremy]
Do you need help?
Too late.
Come on, Aelita,
this is no time to drag your feet.
Huh… What do we have here?
[man] Adolescent girl, about fourteen,
multiple injuries, unconscious.
-It's all over.
-[Odd] For the Desert Sector, yes.
For Yumi, I hope not, so move it.
-[computer keys clatter]
-Return to the past now.
Very funny, Della Robbia.
-Well?
-[Jeremy] It's okay.
-Yumi's gonna be fine.
-Phew!
Yeah, but she knows about what you told
Johnny to do, and she's furious.
Don't say we didn't warn you.
Ulrich, Ulrich,
have you got a minute?
Can I talk to you… in private?
No problem.
Oh, well, well, you see…
Huh… When I see Yumi, I well huh…
[Ulrich] Okay, I get it.
You like her, and you don't know
how to get her to notice you, right?
-That's it, but how did you guess?
-Instinct.
There's one thing that can't fail.
-Sure?
-She's gonna love it. Trust me.
Now, you've gotta go find her,
and tell her this…
Okay, right, huh…
"Ulrich is a really dumb jerk,
and he wants to apologize for
pulling such a stupid stunt."
[chuckles]
Okay, well, why don't you sit down?
We can study together.
To… Together? Like us?
Like you and me? Together?
Why not?
Wow! That Ulrich really rocks!
[chuckles]
I guess.
[Jeremy] Hey guys, I've got the latest
stats on the Lyoko battles.
Ready to eat your hat, good buddy?
You're the one who's not gonna
be able to digest this.
The Lyoko warrior who has outclassed
all the others is… Aelita!
[both laughing]
I don't believe in statistics.
They don't mean a thing.
That's not the way to determine
a real Lyoko hero.
Yeah. For once I agree
with you, Odd.
-[laughs] Yeah!
-[Jeremy laughs] Yeah!
[theme music]